particular kinds of commitments that if
you ask those around you to make
initially they will stay most loyal to
those in the future they will stay
committed to your to the decision to
work with you to team with you to to
interact with you blasting commitments
are actively made their publicly made
and there voluntarily made by
voluntarily I mean they're not forced on
anyone people choose to make those
commitments but within the chose the
chosen commitments they make if they
make them actively rather than just
keeping them in their heads like New
Year's resolutions you know how we we
resolve that we're going to lose weight
or we're going to exercise it and we
keep them in their head and they're gone
right in a week or two but if they're
actively made and they're made in public
people feel more committed to stay loyal
to them and the best way I know to get
people to make active public commitments
is to ask them to write down what they
intend to do what their goals are right
what their expectations are because
people live up to what they write down